Customer Custom Attribute scope added (#7472)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/extension-dev-guide/attributes.md

    }
}
```
{:.bs-callout-tip}

> Customer custom attribute scope is globle while other entities supports all Global, Website and StoreView scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customer custom attribute scope is only Global while other entities support all Global, Website, and StoreView scope.
```
